Improve docs of auto mime-type config (#1599)
thumbor/thumbor: docs/configuration.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~

These configurations indicates that thumbor will try to automatically convert

> the image format to a lighter image format, following a better compression order.
> The order in which formats will be tried (if enabled and possible):
> 
> 1. WEBP
> 2. AVIF
> 3. JPG
> 4. HEIF

Reviewer: I'd say this may be enough:

```suggestion
the image format to a lighter image format, according to this compression order:
`WEBP, AVIF, JPG, HEIF` — from highest (`WEBP`) to lowest (`HEIF`) priority.
```

The following sections touch on "enabled" and "possible" for each of those formats.

Author: @scorphus thanks! 😄
